URGENT: Fix the signup/profile creation flow in my GAMEZONE ARENA app.

Problem:
On the Create Your Profile screen, the user enters:
- Display Name
- Email Address
- Password (8+ characters)

When the user presses "Build my profile", the app does NOT create the account or continue to the next screen. It goes back to the (auth) route/screen.

Please inspect the entire authentication flow and FIX the actual code. Do not just explain the problem.

Requirements:
1. Keep the existing GAMEZONE ARENA UI/design.
2. Keep the existing navigation structure.
3. The "Build my profile" button must actually submit the signup form.
4. Validate display name, email and password properly.
5. Show a visible error message if signup fails instead of silently going back.
6. Do not call router.back() or navigate away when signup fails.
7. Check the Clerk Expo authentication integration because the project uses:
   import { useAuth } from '@clerk/expo';
8. Verify that ClerkProvider is correctly configured and that the required Clerk publishable key/environment variable exists.
9. Check the signup code for correct Clerk Expo APIs such as signUp.create().
10. After successful signup, handle email verification if required by Clerk.
11. After successful verification/creation, save the user's display name/profile information and navigate to the correct home/game screen.
12. Check all related files, not only index.tsx.
13. Fix TypeScript errors and Expo Router navigation errors.
14. Do NOT replace the existing app with a new project.
15. Do NOT remove Quick Quiz, Ludo, or any existing games.
16. Do NOT add any paid service.
17. Run the project after making the changes and verify that the signup flow works.
18. If Clerk is not correctly configured, tell me exactly which environment variable is missing and where it must be added.
19. Add loading state to the "Build my profile" button so it cannot be pressed repeatedly.
20. Display the actual authentication error on the screen for debugging.

Most important:
Do not stop after analyzing. Inspect the files, make the code changes, run the app, and fix all errors you find.